(Akari) [Heavy Breathing]
Damn it. They just
keep coming.
(Akari) They're relentless!
[Heavy breathing]
Hmm?
We came all the way to Mars to
save humanity,
only to find ourselves moments
away from extermination by
a swarm of mutant roaches.
Guess it's do or die,
again. Hmm.
Are you seriously
laughing, Michelle?
These dirty roaches don't
intimidate me.
Huh?
(All) Joji-jo!
Okay, are you ready Akari?
Yeah. Remember there's
a promise to keep.
Promise?
(Akari) Your promise that if we
survive, we celebrate with a
shower together!
No deal! Hmph!
It's dangerous, but we need
another dose!
I may just have to agree with
you on that one!
Hmph. Time to finish this!
Right!
[Grunting]
[Screaming]
(Narrator) Overpopulation has
spawned a new human solution.
(Narrator) Moss and masses of
cockroaches were sent to the
red planet.
(Narrator) But six hundred years
later, it all went terribly
wrong.
(Narrator) The cockroaches
evolved into aggressive bipedal
colossi know as "terraformars."
(Narrator) And on Earth, a
Martian disease with a 100%
fatal alien engine virus wiped
out entire communities.
(Narrator) To capture the
hundred terraformar samples
needed to create a vaccine,
(Narrator) volunteers across the
world underwent a risky
operation before being sent to
Mars.
(Narrator) On this accursed,
forsaken planet, against the
odds, can humanity obtain
their hope for tomorrow?
(Shokichi) Michelle, come in!
Captain!
Coms re-established. Squads one
and two report in!
Squads do you read?
Report in!
[Grunts]
Squad two reporting in. All
members are safe and accounted
for.
We've been fighting since the
moment we landed! If I don't
get my beauty sleep, my skin's
gonna look awful!
This is squad one. [Gasps]
Everyone here is alive, but
we're surrounded and...
They're closing in fast!
(Shokichi) Wait what?!
(Michelle) We all have our hands
full at the moment. You'll have
to hold your own for now.
(Michelle) Do what's necessary
to survive!
[Grunting]
[Groaning]
Remember to protect the serum,
at all costs!
(Shokichi) Squad one, hang in
there!
We're sending help your way,
now!
Michelle, you two okay?
(Michelle) Yeah. And just a
heads up, we've used a second
dose.
(Shokichi) Michelle! It's
too dangerous!
[Grunts] Hell of a lot better
than being roach food!
(Michelle) Akari Hizamaru. He
just keeps going. At times he
seems unstoppable.
(Michelle) Why? What drives you?
(Michelle) Why do you keep
fighting? The woman you loved is
already gone.
(Akari) Yeah. Remember there's a
promise to keep.
(Michelle) Is that it?
(Sakurato) Aww, how'd
it break?
Huh?
[Chuckles]
(Sakurato) I'm really good
at fixing stuff!
You are?
I'm staying over there
in that building.
(Sakurato) It'll give me
something to do!
Uh.
The AE virus...
My name is Sakurato Harukaze.
(Michelle) The boy infected with
the AE virus.
(Akari) Remember there's a
promise to keep.
Come to say your goodbyes?
He's being quarantined
this afternoon.
Try not to say anything that
will give the kid false hope.
The mission to Mars
won't be easy.
Even if we manage to get enough
samples, there's no guarantee
the vaccine can even be made in
time.
Yeah I know that.
(Sakurato) Here!
Whoa, it's as
good as new!
[Chuckles]
Thank you.
Hey.
Hmm?
Are you really going
up there? To Mars?
Yeah.
So we probably won't see each
other again.
Why do you say that?
Because...
Do you know why we're
going to Mars?
We're going to find a
cure for your sickness.
Really?
It may seem like a small,
distant hope right now. But I
need you to fight.
(Akari) Hold on to
that for me.
So, you're coming back?
I'm promising you!
You idiot.
[Scoffs] Promises.
Dammit.
[Grunting]
(Michelle) Who do you think you
are making a promise like that?
That second dose is a doozie.
[Grunts] Akari, wrap it up!
We're heading for squad one!
[Screams]
Akari!
[Grunting]
[Grunts]
You're gonna have to try harder
than that!
Hurry use the nets!
Create a barrier!
Ah!
You idiot! What
are you doing?
I'm just trying to...Ah!
[Gasps]
Yaeko!
[Grunts]
[Groans] Dawn?
So that's your plan? Letting
gravity do your dirty work?
Jee Jo!
[Grunts]
[Screams]
Jo!
[Grunting]
Alex?
Jeh-Jo!
I hope you've learned your
lesson. Didn't you know major
league pitchers have an iron
grip?!
Alex!
[Groans]
[Gasps]
[Whimpering] Huh?
Captain!
Squad one reached. Casualties
high. Please report in.
(Shokichi) How are you holding
up, Michelle?
(Michelle) The roaches!
They got Akari!
(Shokichi) What?
He doesn't have any serum left!
(Shokichi) We're right behind
you!
Akari, you understand, don't
you? This burden we carry?
(Michelle) We're different from
the others! We must never allow
the roaches to capture our
bodies!
The things they'd do...No! I
won't let them. Just stay
alive!  I'm on my way, Akari!
What...what happened?
Where am I?
Mars, that's right.
But...why?
(Akari) Sakurato, what's the
first thing you want to eat when
you get better?
Um.
French fries!
Done. Large order
of fries it is.
Really? But my mom won't even
let me have a small.
I'll get you a
triple XL.
Let's not get carried away.
(Michelle) Akari...Is that why
you fight?
(Akari) Anything else?
Hmm.
I want to learn karate!
[Chuckles]
Now we're talking!
(Sakurato) I wanna
see the ocean!
Yeah!
Huh.
[Grunts]
(Michelle) You...
(Sakurato) And the zoo!
Sure!
And then...
(Michelle) He had the same virus
as Yuriko.
(Yuriko) I want to
eat some ramen.
[Grunts]
All right! I'll find us the
best ramen restaurant!
And go snowboarding!
I'll buy the lift tickets!
And have some beer.
Sure thing. Just don't
drink too much!
You can carry me
if I get drunk.
[Chuckles] You're
hopeless, Yuriko.
[Crying]
And I want to go to Space Land.
You sure about that? I've heard
space is pretty boring.
And then...and then...
Don't worry, Yuriko.
(Akari) I found someone to do
the surgery. I just have to make
some extra money, and he'll fix
you up.
You'll be yourself
in no time!
[Crying]
Akari. I don't understand.
Why are you so good to me?
It's because I...
Jo!
[Grunts]
We'll always be together.
(Akari) I'll keep this promise.
[Screams]
[Grunts]
[Gasps]
What the hell? What is that?
[Grunts]
[Screams]
Akari!
[Gasps]
Michelle!
Akari!
[Heavy Breathing]
I wanna learn karate!
Huh? [Screams]
[Grunts]
[Groans]
[Grunting]
[Grunts]
Hmph!
Damn it, Akari. You
really are something.
Huh, Michelle...
[Gasps]
I'm sorry.
Thanks for grabbing me.
Speaking of grabbing, you better
let go.
[Sighs]
Akari, you ass.
That's just wrong.
[Sighs]
(Narrator) The day may finally
be over for Michelle K. Davis
and Akari Hizamaru.
(Narrator) But their story is
only just beginning.
(Marcos) Squad one, all crew
accounted for.
(Alex) Squad two all present,
but for one, in sick bay due
to injuries sustained in battle.
(Shokichi) ...Kouno Kaiki and
lastly, Sheila Levitt.
(Shokichi) These eleven brave
souls sacrificed their lives,
(Shokichi) in the hope of
finding salvation for those
depending on us back on Earth.
(Shokichi) We will return their
remains home.
No matter what.
Eleven of us died today.
Remember them.
The situation is far more
critical than we ever imagined.
(Shokichi) After entering the
atmosphere, we were ambushed.
They infiltrated our ship and
destroyed our main engine.
(Shokichi) We had to execute
Plan Delta. We boarded the six
escape vessels and landed
separately on Mars.
(Michelle) And received one hell
of a warm welcome.
It's safe to assume the
remaining squads came under
attack as well.
Only squad five contacted us,
reporting that squad four had
been wiped out.
Other than that, we received a
single SOS from squad six.
We haven't heard anything
from the other squads.
You gotta be kidding.
That doesn't make sense. They're
all dead?
Um, maybe they're waiting for us
at the rendezvous point! I bet
they're all fine.
It's just a coincidence. We
can't give up!
And on the bright side, we got
plenty of samples,
so let's all cheer up and head
toward Annex 1 where the rest of
the crew is waiting for us!
Or, um, whatever you think we
should do, Captain.
No, you're completely right,
Yaeko.
Come! Let's all
head back to the main ship.
Since our ride here can't fly,
we'll be on the road for about a
week.
A week?
We're almost out of serum.
Time for some shut eye.
(All) What?
What? Were you really planning
on staying up the whole week?
No, but.
Just relax. You guys have all
been through hell.
(Michelle) You're alive. And in
order to stay that way you need
to eat and rest.
I understand you may be worried
about the others. This is a
battlefield, after all.
Being human is nothing to be
ashamed of...
She's grown up a lot since I
first recruited her at 21.
Maybe being a leader does that
to a person. Or maybe it's
because of her new comrades.
[Chuckles] Either way, I won't
mention that your rousing little
speech "borrowed" heavily from
my own.
All right ladies. If you need to
shower, follow me.
(Amelia) Ooh! Count me in!
(Shokichi) Be careful.
(Michelle) Copy that. Bring some
serum just in case.
(Kanako) Can do!
[Giggling/Talking]
Oh.
[Groans]
(Shokichi) Hey. Hey!
Get ahold of yourself
there, Anderson.
And know she can pick up on
sonar waves with her heightened
hearing abilities.
Oh yeah, that feels good.
I really hope Eva and the others
are safe.
Um, was she in squad five?
Mhm. She was going
to help me with something.
Huh?
She said she knew the secret to
getting bigger boobs.
Oh!
Don't worry, Kanako. They have
Adolf to protect them over
there.
(Peggy) In the meantime, I hear
pinching them can make them
bigger! [Giggling]
Good work out there today. You
sure fought hard.
Hm.
Hmm.
Oh.
Hey there, Michelle.
How do you feel?
Fine just a little sore.
Yeah I bet.
Were you by my side
this whole time?
Don't be an idiot.
Right.
Anyway, I only came here to let
you know, we've acquired enough
samples.
(Michelle) Now we just need
to get home. After all,
there's a promise to be kept.
Alright! Let's hit the showers!
[Groans]
Uh.
Hm.
(Michelle) With comments like
that you must be feeling better.
Hey! There's the fainter!
Hey look! Guess dumbasses heal
quickly.
Watch it. I can still kick your
ass you know!
And you need to seriously work
on your aim, that ball hit me!
Some people just can't
handle the heat.
(Michelle) Why aren't you
resting?
I thought maybe I should keep
watch. Just in case.
Sir. I need to
tell you something.
What is it?
(Michelle) I saw a large flash
of light come from squad five's
last known location.
That's Adolf's team.
I don't mean to be insensitive,
but losing Adolf would be
devastating strategically. His
power is unmatched.
If they could find a
way to recover his-
The only thing we can do right
now, is hope that everyone is
safe.
(Michelle) We survived our
second night on Mars with no
roach sightings. What are they
up to?
(President Goodman) Now then. It
appears that Plan Delta has been
implemented.
Has the rescue ship been
deployed, President Snorresson?
Yes. In large part due to this
council's continual support
during these trying times.
For too long we have tasked one
country to shoulder the burden
of this mission.
But this is a battle for
humanity.
We must contribute any and all
resources possible to ensure the
success of this mission.
Don't worry, Michelle. We're
gonna make it home, just you
watch!
I promise.
Your face is too close.
Huh?
Your breathing is
tickling my ear.
I'm sorry!
Smooth Akari!
She dump you already?
[Laughing]
Hmm.
[Chuckles]
(Yaeko) That's the spirit! Let's
stay cheerful!
And once we get to Annex 1,
we'll find the others and we'll
all go back to Earth! Let's go!
(Shokichi) I never thought it
would come to this...